{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\upr{\fonttbl{\f4\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020005000000000000}Times;}}{\*\ud{\fonttbl{\f4\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020005000000000000}Times;}}}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f4\lang1033\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\title This bundle contains the following items:}{\operator Jonathan Pearce}{\creatim\yr2004\mo4\dy25\hr19\min6}{\revtim\yr2004\mo4\dy25\hr20\min2}{\version3}{\edmins39}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords443}{\nofchars2529}{\*\company USC}{\nofcharsws3105}{\vern16521}}\ftnbj\aenddoc\formshade\horzdoc\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow0\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f4\lang1033\cgrid {This bundle contains the following items:\par \par MeetingCases and SensorCases are folders containing the meeting scheduling and sensor net examples.  Each contains subfolders CaseA, CaseB, CaseC and CaseD.  Each subfolder contains 30 randomized testcase, numbered 0 to 29.\par \par Each testcase is represented by 3 files:\par \par .SCH file\par The .SCH file represents the problem in DiMES formulation.  \par The TIMESLOTS line lists the number of timeslots available for scheduling.  \par Each PARTICIPANT x [ y1\u8230\'c9yn] line gives the information for one event participant (or sensor in the sensor net).  The first number is the participant\rquote s ID, and the numbers in the brackets are the timeslot valuations for that participant.  The number of timeslot valuations should match the number specified in the TIMESLOTS line.  \par The EVENT x [ y1\u8230\'c9yn] [z1\u8230\'c9zn] lines list information for each event (or group of cooperating sensors).  The first number is the number of timeslots the event takes up.  The next set of numbers, in brackets, lists the IDs of the participants involved in the event.  The second set of numbers, in brackets, lists the value of the event to each of the participants involved, in the same order as the IDs.\par \par .EAV file\par The .EAV file represents the problem represented as a DCOP, according to EAV (events as variables).  Since our simulations were done synchronously, all variables are inside one ADOPT agent.  \par The AGENT 1 line at the beginning means only one agent, with ID 1, is present.  The VARIABLE x 1 y lines represent each variable in the DCOP.  The first number is the variable\rquote s ID.  The 1 means it belongs to agent 1 in ADOPT.  The third number is the number of possible values for the variable, starting from 0.  So, 9 would mean the variable can range from 0 to 8.\par The CONSTRAINT x y z lines represent each constraint in the DCOP.  The first two numbers represent the two variables joined by the constraint.  The third number represents the threshold for this constraint as calculated by newThresh.java.\par The F x y z lines coming after a CONSTRAINT line represent each combination of values for the variables involved in a constraint.  The first two numbers represent the values taken by the two variables in the constraint.  The third number is the cost incurred when the variables take those values.\par \par .PEAV file\par The .PEAV file represents the problem represented as a DCOP, according to PEAV (private events as variables).  Its structure is the same as the .EAV file.\par \par \par This bundle also contains some other necessary files:\par \par newthresh.java and newthresh.class\par This java program takes in a .SCH file and outputs a thresholds file for EAV.\par Syntax is: java newthresh <file.SCH>.  The output of this program is actually sent to standard output.  When you run it, you should send it to a file (using \ldblquote >\rdblquote ), which will be needed later.\par \par The output of this program will be one number for each event.  The \ldblquote best\rdblquote  timeslot for the group to schedule the event is calculated (it is the time at which the sum of the event\rquote s participants\rquote  free time valuations is the smallest).  The number represents the sum of the event\rquote s values to all participants minus the sum of the participants\rquote  free time valuations for the \ldblquote best\rdblquote  timeslot.\par \par peavthresh.java and peavthresh.class\par \par Similarly, this program creates a thresholds file for PEAV.  This program\rquote s output is a bracketed series of numbers for each participant.  A participant will have one number for each of the events the participant needs to schedule.  First, the \ldblquote best\rdblquote  timeslot for the individual to schedule the event is found (it is the time where the participant\rquote s free time valuation is the smallest).  The number represents the value of the event to the participant minus the particpant\rquote s free time valuation of his \ldblquote best\rdblquote  timeslot. \par \par ThreshSCH2EAV.pl\par \par This perl program takes in an .SCH file and its associated thresholds file (created by newthresh.java) and outputs an .EAV file.  Each variable\rquote s threshold is split equally among its constraints.  This is necessary, because, in ADOPT, the responsibility for the constraint (the cost) is placed upon the child.  Since the tree is generated within ADOPT, we don\rquote t know at this point which variable is the parent and which is the child.  When ADOPT runs, it decides who the child is, and the child receives the thresholds from all its \ldblquote upward\rdblquote  constraints.\par Syntax is:  perl ThreshSCH2EAV.pl <file.SCH> <thresholds file>\par \par ThreshSCH2PEAV.pl\par \par Similarly, this program creates a .PEAV file from an .SCH file and a thresholds file.\par \par }}